Certainly! Here are 100 quotes to inspire and motivate developers to increase their productivity:

1. "The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
2. "Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
3. "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci
4. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
5. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
6. "Every problem is an opportunity in disguise." - John Adams
7. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
8. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
9. "The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Nelson Mandela
10. "Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration." - Thomas Edison

11. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
12. "Learning never exhausts the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
13. "If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Anonymous
14. "Opportunities don't happen. You create them." - Chris Grosser
15. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
16. "Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
17. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
18. "The best way to get something done is to begin." - Unknown
19. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
20. "It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela

21. "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
22. "Be stubborn about your goals and flexible about your methods." - Unknown
23. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
24. "The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." - Unknown
25. "Effort only fully releases its reward after a person refuses to quit." - Napoleon Hill
26. "Do or do not. There is no try." - Yoda
27. "Work smarter, not harder." - Allan F. Mogensen
28. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." - Albert Schweitzer
29. "The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." - Matty Mullins
30. "The harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson

31. "Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
32. "The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow." - Rupert Murdoch
33. "If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." - Albert Einstein
34. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
35. "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
36. "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
37. "Hard work beats

 talent when talent doesn't work hard." - Tim Notke
38. "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
39. "It does not matter how slowly you go, as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
40. "The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows." - Aristotle Onassis

41. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
42. "Quality is not an act; it is a habit." - Aristotle
43. "The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today." - H. Jackson Brown Jr.
44. "The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." - Confucius
45. "You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have." - Maya Angelou
46. "The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
47. "A goal without a plan is just a wish." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
48. "Work hard in silence, let success make the noise." - Frank Ocean
49. "If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Anonymous
50. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett

51. "The only thing standing between you and your goal is the story you keep telling yourself as to why you can't achieve it." - Jordan Belfort
52. "Work hard in silence, let success make the noise." - Frank Ocean
53. "If you want to achieve greatness, stop asking for permission." - Anonymous
54. "Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
55. "A smooth sea never made a skilled sailor." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
56. "Success is not just about making money. It's about making a difference." - Unknown
57. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
58. "Success is not in what you have, but who you are." - Bo Bennett
59. "It's not about how many ideas you have, but how many you make happen." - Unknown
60. "Focus on being productive instead of busy." - Tim Ferriss

61. "Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work." - Steve Jobs
62. "Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." - John D. Rockefeller
63. "The biggest risk is not taking any risk." - Mark Zuckerberg
64. "Great things are done by a series of small things brought together." - Vincent Van Gogh
65. "Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
66. "Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." - Henry David Thoreau
67. "Do not wait for the perfect moment, take the moment and make it perfect." - Unknown
68. "The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
69. "The difference between a successful person and others is not a lack of strength, not a lack of knowledge, but rather a lack of will." - Vince Lombardi
70. "The expert in anything was once a beginner."

 - Helen Hayes

71. "Every day is a chance to be better than yesterday." - Unknown
72. "Hard work beats talent when talent doesn't work hard." - Tim Notke
73. "Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success." - Albert Schweitzer
74. "The best way to predict the future is to create it." - Peter Drucker
75. "The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
76. "The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus." - Bruce Lee
77. "You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
78. "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
79. "Success is not the absence of failure; it's the persistence through failure." - Aisha Tyler
80. "The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday." - Matty Mullins

81. "The harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
82. "It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
83. "Genius is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration." - Thomas Edison
84. "Learning never exhausts the mind." - Leonardo da Vinci
85. "The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
86. "The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
87. "The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." - Unknown
88. "Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
89. "Perfection is achieved not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." - Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
90. "Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." - Leonardo da Vinci

91. "Your time is limited, don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs
92. "The world is changing very fast. Big will not beat small anymore. It will be the fast beating the slow." - Rupert Murdoch
93. "If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got." - Albert Einstein
94. "Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
95. "The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." - Jimmy Johnson
96. "Be stubborn about your goals and flexible about your methods." - Unknown
97. "Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." - Steve Jobs
98. "Work smarter, not harder." - Allan F. Mogensen
99. "Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life." - Confucius
100. "The world needs dreamers and the world needs doers. But above all, the world needs dreamers who do." - Sarah Ban Breathnach

I hope these quotes inspire and motivate you to increase your productivity as a developer!
